{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024

{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}
{\f1\froman Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss Arial;}
{\f3\froman MS Serif;}
{\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}
}

@{\footnote

Colour table: 	1=black
				2=blue
				3=light blue
				4=bright green
				5=violet
				6=red
				7=yellow
				8=white
				9=dark blue
		       	10=mid green
		       	11=dark green
	    	   	12=purple
		       	13=brown
		       	14=olive green
	    	   	15=dark grey
	       		16=light grey
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue127;
\red0\green127\blue127;
\red0\green127\blue0;
\red127\green0\blue127;
\red127\green0\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue127;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}


@{\footnote

Help file for ADF Opus by Dan Sutherland written by Gary Harris <gharris@zip.com.au>.
7-8/9/98. Updated for ADF Opus 1.0 Oct. 2002.

ADF Opus  V1.0
Help File V1.6

Created using the Borland C++ V5.01-supplied Microsoft Help Workshop V4.00.0950.
Updates from 1.3 onwards with VC++-supplied version 4.03.0002.
}


@{\footnote

The main items, listed in the contents file.

}



@{\footnote

The overview page. Shows a bitmap of the main programme window with hotspots for popups
explaining all the features of the interface.

}


#{\footnote IDH_INTRODUCTION}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_introduction}
K{\footnote introduction;web;www;world wide web;page, web;dms support;DiskMasher;GZip}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :01}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f2\fs100\qc \cf12 ADF Opus \cf1
\line
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 \qc Copyright 1998-2003 by Dan Sutherland and Gary Harris.
\line\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 \qc Help file by Gary Harris.
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 \qc Visit the ADF Opus web page: 
{\uldb \cf2 http://adfopus.sourceforge.net/ \cf0}{\v %!ExecFile(http://adfopus.sourceforge.net/)}
\par
\par

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 Introduction \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 ADF Opus is a management tool for the disk image files
 used by Amiga emulators. These disk images take the form of a file with .adf suffix. Opus can
 also access hardfiles, simulated hard-disks-in-a-file, also used by these emulators and can
 access files stored on the Windows file system but accessed by an emulator as a hard drive.
 Under Windows NT4, or possibly Windows 2000, it also allows you to access a real Amiga-formatted
 hard drive attached to your PC.
\par
\par
It allows you to perform most common tasks (like copying, renaming, deleting, etc.) with
 your ADFs without having to go anywhere near an emulator. Features include long filename
 support, support for OFS and FFS volumes, high speed file copying, a powerful MDI interface
 (you can even copy files directly from one ADF to another), access to and conversion between
 compressed disk image formats and lots of other cool stuff.
\par
\par
Amiga emulators can directly access ADFs compressed with DiskMasher (DMS), an Amiga disk
 cruncher, or with the industry-standard Gzip compression utility. ADF Opus can extract ADFs
 compressed by either of these programmes, allowing you to read or modify their contents and
 can (re)compress ADFs in the Gzip format. Compression to DMS format is not supported as the DMS
 algorithm is subject to copyright. If this changes, support for DMS compression will more than
 likely be added. Until then, either use DMS from within an emulator to compress disk images or
 use the built-in Gzip support, which often creates smaller images. DMS for Amiga is freely
 available on the net from {\uldb \cf2 Aminet \cf0}{\v %!ExecFile(http://us.aminet.net/~aminet/)}.
\par
\par
ADF Opus can create new disk images of both double-density (880 KB) and high density (1.76 MB)
 disks. It can also create hardfiles up to 512 MB in size.
\par
\par
Best of all it's free, so enjoy it!
\par
\par
\par
\par
For further information about obtaining, setting up and using Amiga emulators see my
 {\uldb \cf2 Amiga Emulation FAQ \cf0}{\v %!ExecFile(http://jetjockey.fly.to/faq.html)},
 the Frequently Asked Questions list for the alt.emulators.amiga newsgroup. This is also a great
 place to go to ask questions, seek advice and is peopled by a good bunch of Amiga enthusiasts
 (read fanatics :-) who are happy to help. You are welcome to add your own experiences to the
 FAQ for the benefit of others.
\par
\par
The source code for ADF Opus is also available from the ADF Opus web site, for those interested, under
 the terms of the GNU GPL,
\par
\par
\par
\par{\uldb Installation}{\v IDH_INSTALLATION}
\line{\uldb The Main Window}{\v IDH_MAIN}

\page


#{\footnote IDH_INSTALLATION}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_installation}
K{\footnote dlls;installation;shortcuts;setup}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :02}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 Installation \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 ADF Opus is provided in an automated Ghost Installer package. To
 install ADF Opus, simply run the installer and follow the instructions presented.
\par
\par You can install over the top of an existing installation but outdated files which have
 no equivalent in the new package won't be uninstalled. On the one hand there are unlikely to
 be many changes to the current file package, on the other it's probably better to uninstall
 the old one if you want to be sure.
\par
\par
\par
\par{\uldb The Main Window}{\v IDH_MAIN}
\page



#{\footnote IDH_MAIN}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_main_window}
K{\footnote adfs, viewing;windows;window, main;windows, sub-;buttons;menus;toolbar;status bar;
attributes, file;file attributes;lister, Windows;Windows lister;Amiga file lister;lister, Amiga}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :03}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 The Main Window \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 This is ADF Opus' main window view. Click on the
 menu items, buttons and other elements for an explanation of their function and to view
 the sub-windows. Click on items in the popup views for more details.
\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\{bmc AdfOpus.bmp\}
\par
\par
\par
\par{\uldb Using The Program}{\v IDH_USING_THE_PROGRAM}
\line{\uldb The Create New File Dialogue}{\v IDH_CREATE_DIALOGUE}
\line{\uldb The Information Dialogue}{\v IDH_INFORMATION_DIALOGUE_DEV}
\line{\uldb The Batch Converter}{\v IDH_BATCH_CONVERTER}
\line{\uldb The Options Dialogue}{\v IDH_OPTIONS}
\line{\uldb The Select Volume Dialogue}{\v IDH_VOLUME_SELECT}
\line{\uldb The Properties Dialogues}{\v IDH_PROPERTIES}
\line{\uldb The Disk2FDI Dialogue}{\v IDH_DISK2FDI}
\line{\uldb The Text Viewer Dialogue}{\v IDH_TEXTVIEWER}
\page


@{\footnote

Display the Create Volume Dialogue bitmap. 

}


#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_DIALOGUE}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_create_dialogue}
K{\footnote adfs, creating;adzs, creating;creating blank disks;hardfiles, creating;disk creation;}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :06}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 The Create New Volume Dialogue \cf0
\par
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Click on parts of the dialogue for help.
\par 
\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\{bmc CreateNew.bmp\}
\par
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Usage \cf0
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20
Use this dialogue to create a new, empty disk image or hardfile. You can select the type,
 capacity, {\uldb file system}{\v IDH_FILESYSTEM} flags and disk label for your creation using
 the available options. Selecting the "Open after creating" option causes ADF Opus to open the
 new image in a new child window after it has been created.
\par
\par
Use the {\uldb Batch Converter}{\v IDH_BATCH_CONVERTER} to convert your new ADF to an ADZ, if
 you want to compress it.
\par
\par
\par{\uldb The Main Window}{\v IDH_MAIN}
\page


@{\footnote

Display the Volume Information Dialogue bitmap. 
Note 2 topics on this page to allow jumping between pics.
}


#{\footnote IDH_INFORMATION_DIALOGUE_DEV}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_information_dialogue}
K{\footnote information, volume}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :07}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 The Volume Information Dialogue \cf0
\par
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Click on parts of the property pages for help.
\par 

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 The Device Tab \cf0
\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\{bmc OpusInfoDev.bmp\}
\par
\par

#{\footnote IDH_INFORMATION_DIALOGUE_VOL}
K{\footnote information, device}  

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 The Volume Tab \cf0
\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\{bmc OpusInfoVol.bmp\}
\par
\par \plain \li120 \f4\fs20
\par
\par {\uldb The Main Window}{\v IDH_MAIN}
\page



@{\footnote

Display the Batch Converter Dialogue bitmap. 

}


#{\footnote IDH_BATCH_CONVERTER}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_batch_converter}
K{\footnote Batch Converter;adf;adz;dms;converting between formats;adfs, compressing;temporary files}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :08}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 The Batch Converter Dialogue \cf0
\par
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Click on parts of the dialogue for help.
\par 
\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\{bmc BatchConverter.bmp\}

\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Usage \cf0
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20  Use the Batch Converter to convert between uncompressed ADFs and
 other, compressed formats. The converter can compress ADFs to ADZ format, decompress ADZs to ADF format,
 decompress DMS' to ADFs and convert DMS' to ADZs. Compression to DMS format is currently not available as
 this format is subject to copyright restrictions.
\par
\par Select disk images for conversion using the \cf9 Add \cf0 button. These will be listed in
 the upper window. Remove single files by selecting the file and clicking the \cf9 Remove \cf0 
 button. The \cf9 Remove All \cf0 button will clear all files from the list.
\par
\par Select the output format using the \cf9 Output Type \cf0 buttons. Selecting the \cf9 Disk
 Image (ADF) \cf0 button will convert listed files to ADF format. Selecting the \cf9 Compressed
 Disk Image (ADZ) \cf0 button will convert listed files to ADZ format. 
\par
\par The button for a format that is unavailable for a particular conversion is disabled i.e.
 The \cf9 Disk Image (ADF) \cf0 button will be disabled if an ADF is selected into the list and
 the \cf9 Compressed Disk Image (ADZ) \cf0 button will be disabled if an ADZ is selected into
 the list. This means that if you select both types, both buttons will be disabled. You should
 select files of only one type or of different types that can be converted to the same output
 type. For example a selection of ADZs and DMS' could all be converted to ADFs.
\par
\par You can reset the \cf9 Output Type \cf0 buttons by closing the Batch Converter and
 reopening it.
\par
\par Start conversion by pressing the \cf9 Start \cf0 button. The converted file's name is removed
 from the list on completion.
\par
\par For each attempted conversion, a status message is printed to the \cf9 Status \cf0
 window reporting success or failure.
\par
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Temporary Files \cf0
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 When converting between DMS and ADZ formats, ADF Opus creates a
 temporary, intermediate ADF in the \cf9 opustemp \cf0 directory, which is removed after conversion.
 \cf9 opustemp \cf0 is created in the same directory as ADF Opus and is removed when it shuts down.
\par
\par
\par
\par{\uldb The Main Window}{\v IDH_MAIN}
\page


#{\footnote IDH_OPTIONS}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_options}
K{\footnote options;preferences;label, setting default;deletion, confirming;Windows lister, setting
 start directory;file types, registering}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :09}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 The Options Dialogue \cf0
\par
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Click on parts of the dialogue for help.
\par 
\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\{bmc Options.bmp\}
\par
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Usage \cf0
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20
Use the Options Dialogue to set your program preferences. You can set how you want the Windows
 lister to start, the default label for new volumes, the level of confirmation required for
 deletion and whether you want ADF Opus to make use of directory cache blocks when it can.
\par
\par
Pressing the \cf9 Register Amiga disk file types with Windows Explorer \cf0 button
 will register .adf, .adz, .dms, .dmp and .hdf files with Windows.
\par
\par
\par
\par{\uldb The Main Window}{\v IDH_MAIN}
\page


#{\footnote IDH_VOLUME_SELECT}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_volsel}
K{\footnote volumes, selecting}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :10}
\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 The Volume Selection Dialogue \cf0
\par
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Click on parts of the dialogue for help.
\par 
\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\{bmc VolSel.bmp\}
\par
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Usage \cf0
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20
This dialogue is displayed when you open a device that contains multiple volumes. Select the
 volume you wish ADF Opus to open from the list.
\par
\par
\par
\par{\uldb The Main Window}{\v IDH_MAIN}
\page



#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_file_properties}
K{\footnote properties, file;flags;comment;file comment;file properties;attributes;property flags}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :11}
\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 The Properties Dialogues \cf0
\par
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Click on parts of the dialogue for help.
\par
\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\{bmc PropsAmi.bmp\}\tab\{bmc PropsWin.bmp\}
\par
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Usage \cf0
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20
Use these dialogues to set the file properties of selected files. You can also set a comment for
 Amiga files and directories. Comments are limited to 79 characters by ADFLib.
\par
\par
\par
\par{\uldb The Main Window}{\v IDH_MAIN}
\page



#{\footnote IDH_DISK2FDI}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_disk2fdi}
K{\footnote disk2fdi;floppy disks, converting;converting floppy disks}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :12}
\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 The Disk2FDI Dialogue \cf0
\par
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Click on parts of the dialogue for help.
\par 
\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\{bmc Disk2FDI.bmp\}
\par
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Usage \cf0
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20
The dialogue presents the same options as are available for Disk2FDI on the command line and Opus
 simply builds the command line for you and runs Disk2FDI in a shell. This makes the creation of images
 from actual Amiga disks convenient and easy and available within Opus itself. You can create ADFs
 directly from your original disks and manage them within Opus immediately.
\par\par DIsk2FDI now runs as a separate process which means that you can now either continue working in Opus
 while it runs in the background or, if you are creating an ADF, you can choose to open the image in Opus
 once Disk2FDI has finished. If you choose this option, you will not be able to do anything else with ADF Opus
 until Disk2FDI finishes. For this reason, the default option is to let Disk2FDI run independently. Whichever
 option you choose, you still need to close the Disk2FDI shell window once it has finished executing.
\par\par It is not possible to run multiple instances of Disk2FDI creating ADFs simply because it requires
 exclusive access to both floppy drives. It may be possible to run two instances in cases where you are
 creating images for which only one floppy drive is required, I can't test this. If an instance of Disk2FDI
 can't access the required resources it will fail politely and you'll just need to close its shell window.
\par\par ADF Opus will disable the Disk2FDI menu item under Windows NT, 2K and XP since Disk2FDI itself
 doesn't work on these platforms. On other versions, make sure that you check Disk2FDI's documentation and
 that your system meets the requirements for it to operate e.g. you have two disk drives with one being
 suitable to the media you wish to copy.
\par\par Disk2FDI can be found at
 {\uldb \cf2 http://www.oldskool.org/disk2fdi/ \cf0}{\v %!ExecFile(http://www.oldskool.org/disk2fdi/)}.
\par
\par
\par
\par{\uldb The Main Window}{\v IDH_MAIN}
\page

#{\footnote IDH_BOOTBLOCK}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_bootblock}
K{\footnote bootblock, display;display bootblock}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :13}
\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 The Display Bootblock Dialogue \cf0
\par
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Click on parts of the dialogue for help.
\par 
\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\{bmc Bootblock.bmp\}
\par
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Usage \cf0
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 This dialogue shows the bootblock that is currently installed, in ASCII
 code. Some bootblocks, especially non-standard ones, contain readable text messages in this area which can
 be interesting or informative. A standard AmigaOS bootblock shows the code "DOS", as above.
\par
\par
\par
\par{\uldb The Main Window}{\v IDH_MAIN}
\page


#{\footnote IDH_TEXTVIEWER}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_textviewer}
K{\footnote text, display;text, view;display text;viewer;text viewer}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :14}
\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 The Text Viewer Dialogue \cf0
\par
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Click on parts of the dialogue for help.
\par 
\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\{bmc TextViewer.bmp\}
\par
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Usage \cf0
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 This dialogue displays the contents of the selected file in ASCII code.
 The text viewer is useful for viewing simple files, such as Startup-Sequence, that can't be run or opened
 directly under Windows because they do not have a dot suffix, e.g. .txt, and therefore don't respond to Windows'
 file association system. The viewer is only activated for files and will only display ASCII code. Binary or
 other code will not be displayed. The displayed text can be copied but not edited. File types that are
 registered with Windows can still be viewed using the viewer as long as they contain ASCII code. For ease
 of viewing, the text viewer is fully resizable.
\par
\par
\par
\par{\uldb The Main Window}{\v IDH_MAIN}
\page


#{\footnote IDH_USING_THE_PROGRAM}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_using_the_program}
K{\footnote files, opening;files, closing;files, navigating;files, Windows;files, viewing;
files, copying;drive list;directories;directories, copying;directories, deleting;
directories, renaming;directory;directory, levels;directory,listing;directory, properties;
directory, new;properties;properties, directory;adfs, opening;adfs, closing;adfs, copying to 
and from;adfs, navigating;drag and drop;file system, Windows}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :04}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 Using The Program \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Accessing The Windows File System \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20  When ADF Opus starts you will see a Windows lister already
 open. This lister provides access to the files on your PC. You can choose whether this lister
 should open with a list of drives or in a particular directory in the "Options" dialogue. To
 open a new Windows lister, select \cf9 View|New Windows Lister \cf0.

\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Opening A Disk Image \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 To work with an ADF, ADZ or DMS file you must first open it.
 You can open one by doing any of the following:
\par
\par\tab\'B7 select \cf9 Open... \cf0 from the \cf9 File \cf0 menu 
\par\tab\'B7 click the \{bmc ButtonOpen.bmp \} button on the toolbar 
\par\tab\'B7 press \cf9 Ctrl+O \cf0 
\par
\par 
Then select the file from the dialogue box that appears. Note that it is possible to open more
 than one disk image at a time - each will open in its own window.


\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Navigating \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Navigation is simple - just like Windows Explorer. Double-
click a directory to change into it and view its contents. To go back to the parent directory, 
click the \{bmc ButtonUpOneLvl.bmp \} button on the toolbar.
\par
\par
To change to a different drive in the Windows pane, just click the \{bmc ButtonUpOneLvl.bmp \} 
button when you're already at the root directory. Icons for all drives will appear - just 
double-click one to view its contents.


\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Copying Files \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Copying is dead easy - just drag and drop the file
 from one pane to another and it will be copied. 
\par
\par
\cf6 Note: \cf0 drag and drop is not restricted to a single window - if you have two disk images
 open at once you can copy files from one to another. To move files within a disk image you can
 open two copies of a single disk image and drag files from one to the other. You can even copy
 from one Windows directory to another (but you might be better off using Windows Explorer for
 managing your Windows files). Go ahead and try it - knock yourself out! 


\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Creating A New Directory \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 To create a new directory, either select \cf9 Action|New
 Directory \cf0 or click the \{bmc ButtonNewDir.bmp \} button on the toolbar. 


\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Renaming Files And Directories \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 You can rename a file or directory by selecting it and then
 selecting \cf9 Action|Rename \cf0 or clicking the \{bmc ButtonRename.bmp \} button on the
 toolbar.


\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Deleting Files And Directories \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 You can delete a file or directory by selecting it and then 
selecting \cf9 Action|Delete \cf0 or clicking the \{bmc ButtonDelete.bmp \} button on the 
toolbar. 


\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Undeleting Files And Directories \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Undeleting files or directories is a two-step process. 
 Firstly, with the parent ADF's window active, select \cf9 View|Undeletable Files \cf0 or
 click the \{bmc ButtonShowUndel.bmp \} button on the toolbar. Opus will then display all
 files available for undeletion or advise otherwise. Undeletable files are shown ghosted.
 Undelete an entry by selecting it and then selecting \cf9 Action|Undelete \cf0 or
 clicking the \{bmc ButtonUndelete.bmp \} button on the toolbar. 
\par
\par \cf6 Note: \cf0 ADFLib's undeletion routines are imperfect. All undeletable files are
 notified at the root level as well as in the directory from which they were deleted. You
 need to be in the correct directory for undeletion to succeed. You may have to find the correct
 one by trial and error. Displaying all files at the root level actually acts as a summary of
 available recoverable files, so it's not all bad. Some files that should be recoverable may not
 be displayed. Some files that are displayed may not undelete successfully. Unfortunately, I can't
 fix this. I still think that some level of recovery is useful, rather than having none. At least
 you have some chance of being able to recover lost data.


\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Creating A New Blank ADF \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Choose \cf9 File|New... \cf0 or click the
 \{bmc ButtonNew.bmp \} button to open the Create New Volume dialogue. You can set the path,
 label and other options from this dialogue. You can also choose whether to use 
 {\uldb FFS}{\v IDH_FILESYSTEM}, {\uldb Directory Caching}{\v IDH_FILESYSTEM} and 
 {\uldb International Mode}{\v IDH_FILESYSTEM} by selecting the appropriate checkboxes under
 \cf9 Flags \cf0. You can make an ADF bootable by selecting \cf9 Install \cf0 from the \cf9 Tools \cf0
 menu or clicking the \{bmc ButtonInstall.bmp \} button. 
\par
\par
\cf6 Caution: \cf0  ADFLib can not detect whether an ADF is already bootable or the existing bootblock
 is valid. To avoid losing anything of value, work on a copy of the ADF and check it within an emulator
 before deleting the original.

\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Creating A New Blank Hardfile \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Choose \cf9 File|New... \cf0 or click the 
\{bmc ButtonNew.bmp \} button to open the Create New Volume dialogue. You can set the path,
 label and other options from this dialogue. You can choose the size of the hardfile by
 selecting \cf9 Preset Size \cf0 and selecting a size from 1 to 512MB from the lister, or
 by selecting \cf9 Custom Size \cf0 and entering the required size manually. You can also opt
 to use {\uldb FFS}{\v IDH_FILESYSTEM}, {\uldb Directory Caching}{\v IDH_FILESYSTEM} or 
 {\uldb International Mode}{\v IDH_FILESYSTEM}, as for ADFs.
\par
\par
\cf6 Note: \cf0 For maximim compatibility, especially with older versions of Workbench, leave 
 {\uldb FFS}{\v IDH_FILESYSTEM} and {\uldb International Mode}{\v IDH_FILESYSTEM} turned off.

\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Getting Information About A Disk Image \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Choose \cf9 Information... \cf0 from the \cf9 File \cf0
 menu or click the \{bmc ButtonInfo.bmp \} button to view a summary of the current ADF such
 as how much free space there is, what {\uldb file system}{\v IDH_FILESYSTEM} it uses, whether
 it has been compressed and so on. See the {\uldb Volume Information Dialogue }
{\v IDH_INFORMATION_DIALOGUE_DEV} section for  details.


\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Getting Information About A File Or Directory \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Choose \cf9 Properties... \cf0 from the \cf9 Action \cf0
 or context menus or click the \{bmc ButtonProps.bmp \} button to display the attributes or property
 flags for a file or directory. If the selected item is an Amiga file or directory, its file
 comment will also be displayed, if one exists. Comments are limited to 79 characters in
 length by ADFLib. See the {\uldb Properties Dialogue }{\v IDH_PROPERTIES} section for 
 details.


\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Closing A Disk Image \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 This is pretty obvious but when you're finished with a
 disk image you need to close it before you use it in another program like UAE. To close an image
 just select its window and click the \{bmc ButtonClose.bmp \} button on the toolbar (or select
 \cf9 File|Close \cf0 ). If you don't close an ADZ you have made changes to, the changes will
 be lost at program shutdown.  All changes to DMS files will be lost since ADF Opus can't
 compress to DMS format (see {\uldb Introduction}{\v IDH_INTRODUCTION}). If you want to modify
 a DMS file, convert it to ADZ and modify that.


\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Running Or Opening Files \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 You can run or open files listed in the file listers by double-clicking
 the file. Files appearing in an Amiga lister will open as long as the file type is registered with
 Windows and a suitable application exists which can handle that file type. For example, if you
 double-click on a text file called myfile.txt and the .txt file type is registered to open in your text
 editor, myfile.txt will open in the text editor. See
 {\uldb Registering File Types With Windows}{\v IDH_FILE_REGISTERING}
\par 


\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Viewing Files Within ADF Opus\cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Select the file and then choose \cf9 Tools|Text Viewer \cf0
 or click the \{bmc ButtonTxtViewer.bmp \} button to display the text viewer. The viewer can also be
 activated from the context menu. See the {\uldb Text Viewer Dialogue }{\v IDH_TEXTVIEWER} section
 for details.
\par 


\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Temporary Files \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 When ADF Opus opens a compressed disk image, it creates a
 temporary, intermediate ADF in specially created directory called \cf9 opustemp \cf0. If the
 image's child window is specifically closed, Opus recompresses an ADZ, or simply closes a DMS,
 and deletes the related ADF from the \cf9 opustemp \cf0 directory. If ADF Opus is shut down with
 child windows still open, any changes to an ADZ will be lost and the temporary ADF will not be deleted
 normally. To avoid leaving ADFs in the \cf9 temp \cf0 directory, ADF Opus removes all ADF
 files from the \cf9 opustemp \cf0 directory on shutdown.
\par
\par
\par
\par{\uldb The Main Window}{\v IDH_MAIN}
\page



#{\footnote IDH_FILE_REGISTERING}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_file_types}
K{\footnote files, registering;Windows, registering files types with;shell usage}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :14}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 Registering File Types with Windows \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20
If you have files in an ADF that you want to open under Windows and you get an error message when
 you double-click on them, you need to register them with Windows. In order to be able to do this,
 you must have a suitable Windows programme that handles the type. For example, an AmigaDOS command
 will never open under Windows as the binary code is incompatible. Files that are specific to a
 particular Amiga utility may not open. Most other files, such as text, picture and sound files
 should be fine. If you don't currently have a compatible viewer or handler, you can probably find
 one on the net.
\par 
\par Windows registers file types according to the last three letters of their name, the three after the dot.
 This means that you may need to register a particular type of file more than once, if it can have different
 file suffixes. A common case of this is the text file. Text files can have a huge range of file suffixes.
 A common one used with text files circulated with Amiga programmes is .readme, which is not generally
 used on Windows. To register text files with this suffix with Windows, copy one to your Windows file system,
 or create one, left-click the file once to highlight its icon, hold down the Shift key and right-click on
 the file. In the context menu that appears will be an item labelled \cf9 Open with... \cf0. Select this.
 Select your text editor from the list that appears, check the box labelled \cf9 Always use this program
 to open this type of file \cf0 and click \cf9 OK \cf0. If the text editor is not in the list, click
 \cf9 Other... \cf0 and find it manually.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par{\uldb The Main Window}{\v IDH_MAIN}
\page


#{\footnote IDH_FILE_TYPES}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_file_types}
K{\footnote files, registering;Windows, registering Amiga files with;shell usage}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :05}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 Opus, File Types and the Shell \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 
ADF Opus now allows you to register Amiga disk file types with Windows Explorer so that
 double-clicking these files will open them in ADF Opus. You can also select multiple files,
 using Shift or Ctrl and double-clicking on the final one, and they will all open in Opus.
 Each file type has its own icon to distinguish it from the others. Right-clicking on a disk
 file will now give you the option \cf9 Open with ADF Opus \cf0 along with the usual selection.
\par
\par
Amiga disk files will be registered for you when you first run ADF Opus after installation
 i.e. if no registry entry for ADF Opus' preferences exists. In case you haven't uninstalled
 a previous version or wish to re-register the file types after their association has been
 changed, you can register files by clicking the \cf9 Register Amiga file types with Windows
 Explorer \cf0 button on the {\uldb Options Dialogue}{\v IDH_OPTIONS}. This writes the
 registry entries required for Windows to recognise the files.
\par
\par
Windows needs to know where to find Opus in order to open these files for you and since the
 icons are held within ADF Opus' executable file. Therefore, you should also re-register file
 types if you move ADF Opus to a new directory. Pressing the {\uldb Options Dialogue}
{\v IDH_OPTIONS} button will rewrite the registry entries with the new path so that all works
 as it should. You may not see the icons again until you next restart Windows.
\par
\par
In addition, ADF Opus can now be run from the command line, under Windows, allowing its use
 from file managers etc. This feature was necessary for file associations to work but was also
 requested by Christian von Krogh. Entering "ADFOpus gaz.adf" will open gaz.adf in Opus. Entering
 "ADFOpus gaz1.adf gaz2.adz gaz.dms" will open all three files in Opus at once. Entering just
 "ADFOpus" will open the program by itself. Any amount of white space between file names is
 acceptable. Anything not identifiable as a disk file will generate an ADFLib error.
 Identifiable files are still opened.
\par
\par
\par
\par{\uldb The Main Window}{\v IDH_MAIN}
\page


#{\footnote IDH_FILESYSTEM}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_filesystem}
K{\footnote FFS;Fast File System;OFS;Original File System;DC;Directory Cache;file system, Amiga;
	format;disks, formatting;disk capacity;International Mode;Workbench;Kickstart;
	compatibility,Workbench;file system options}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :16}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 The Amiga File System \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 
To quote the Amiga A1200 manual in part:
\par
\par
"Floppy disks may be formatted with the original Amiga file system (OFS) or the Fast File
 System (FFS). You can also format disks with a directory caching option for faster response
 in opening disk windows and reading disk directories. This option slightly decreases the amount
 of space on the disk."
\par
\par
"The following options are available for formatting disks in the Amiga's floppy drive."
\par \cf09
\line------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\line Amiga File System \tab Approximate Formatted Capacity 
\line------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\cf0 
 
\trgaph30 \cellx2000\cellx4000\cellx6000
\intbl
OFS\cell 837 KB\cell\row
\intbl
FFS\cell 879 KB\cell\row
\intbl
DC-OFS\cell 837 KB\cell\row
\intbl
DC-FFS\cell 879 KB\cell\row
\pard

\par
"Disks formatted with the directory-caching option cannot be read by Amigas with earlier
 versions of the system software. Do not format a disk with the directory-caching option if you
 need to use the disk to transfer the files to an Amiga with Release 2 or earlier system
 software."
\par
\par
...and the Amiga OS3.1 Workbench manual:
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Fast File System \cf0
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20
"Allows the Amiga to fit more information on a disk. It is faster than the standard file system.
 Fast File System disks are incompatible with Workbench software releases prior to 2.0 and
 should not be selected for disks that are also used on pre-Release 2 Amigas."
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 International Mode \cf0
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20
"Fully supports international characters in file names. We recommend that you set this option on.
 International Mode is incompatible with Workbench software releases prior to 2.0 and should not
 be selected for disks that are also used on pre-Release 2 Amigas."
\par
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs22\b\cf11 Directory Cache \cf0
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20
"Speeds up the opening of drawers, file requesters and listings. This option is off by default.
 Disks using Directory Cache are incompatible with Workbench software releases prior to 3.0 and
 should not be selected for disks that are also used on pre-Release 3 Amigas."
\par
\par
So the message is don't use these options if you want to use your disk with older versions of
 Kickstart or Workbench or you want others to have that facility.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_UAE}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_uae}
K{\footnote uae;emulation;platforms;ports;adfs, amiga disk files;.adf}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :17}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 UAE, Fellow and ADFs \cf0

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 UAE, the Unix Amiga Emulator is a package which allows the 
emulation of an Amiga computer on other platforms. Since most platforms can't read Amiga 
floppy disks, the software emulates the floppy drive as well. It uses files with a .adf 
suffix as replacement for floppy disks. Adf stands for Amiga Disk File. ADF Opus' reason 
for being is to allow these disk files to be manipulated directly from Windows.
\par
\par
UAE is available for a number of platforms including Mac, BeBox, NextStep, Amiga, pOS, 
XFree86/OS2, Acorn RISC PC, Win32 and DOS. Further details can be obtained from one of the 
UAE web sites. 
\par
\par
WinUAE:
\line\tab Bernd Schmidt
\line\tab Available: 
{\uldb \cf2 http://www.winuae.net/ \cf0}{\v %!ExecFile(http://www.winuae.net/)}
\par
\par
DosUAE:
\line\tab Gustavo Goedert ICQ 16667569
\line\tab Available: 
{\uldb \cf2 http://www.jackbox.com/users/ggoedert/dosuae/ \cf0}
{\v %!ExecFile(http://www.jackbox.com/users/ggoedert/dosuae/)}

\par
\par
Another worthy emulator is Fellow by Petter Schau. Fellow is written for MS-DOS, uses the
 same ADF disk images and is also free. Unfortunately, both the official and unofficial sites are no longer
 in evidence. Petter seems to have moved exclusively to WinFellow but even this has seen no development for
 nearly a year. Try WinFellow or this download site:

\par
\par
Fellow:
\line\tab Petter Schau <pschau@online.no>
\line\tab Available: 
{\uldb \cf2 http://amiga.emucamp.com/emu_fellow.htm \cf0}{\v %!ExecFile(http://amiga.emucamp.com/emu_fellow.htm)}
\par
\par
WinFellow:
\line\tab WinFellow Team <andax@users.sourceforge.net>
\line\tab Available: 
{\uldb \cf2 http://fellow.sourceforge.net/ \cf0}{\v %!ExecFile(http://fellow.sourceforge.net/)}


\par
\par
Some programmes run better on one emulator than the other, or will only currently run on 
one of them. Some people prefer one over the other, we suggest that you try, and use, both.
\par
\par
Our great thanks must go to the many people who maintain UAE and Fellow on all of these 
platforms, for helping to keep the Amiga spirit alive. 
\par
\par
Rock on!
\page


#{\footnote IDH_HARDDRIVES}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_harddrives}
K{\footnote connecting hard drives;hard drives, connecting;native hard drives;Amiga hard drives}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :18}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 Connecting Hard Drives Under NT, 2K and XP \cf0 
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 

\par Many users have asked about this feature of Windows NT, 2000 and XP and how to resolve problems
 connecting and accessing their Amiga hard drives. Bjarke Viksoe, the author of ADF View, has written a small
 utility to test access to native Amiga hard drives connected to your system. You can use the
 utility to test whether your Amiga hard drive will be accessible from within ADF Opus.
\par\par ADF View also uses ADFLib to access this feature and is implemented as a shell namespace extension.
 It can access one Amiga HD and one partition. ADF Opus should be able to do at least the same, the
 difficulties experienced are to do with setting up access under Windows. ADF View's help
 contains some advice including the need to be logged in with administrator priveleges to be
 able to access Amiga drives.
\par\par ADF View can be used in conjunction with ADF Opus if you do not register the Amiga
 disk file types with Opus. Once you do this, you will need to re-install ADF View to restore
 the associations to it.
\par\par ADF View and the test utility can be found at
 {\uldb \cf2 http://www.viksoe.dk/adfview/ \cf0}{\v %!ExecFile(http://www.viksoe.dk/adfview/)}.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_BUGS}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_bugs}
K{\footnote limitations;bugs}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :19}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 Known Bugs/Limitations \cf0 
\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 

\cf9 V1.0 \cf0
\par
\par\tab ADFLib doesn't recognise hardfiles smaller than 1802240 bytes (1.7 MB). This isn't an
\par\tab issue as you would expect a hardfile to be larger than a floppy disk, anyway.
\par
\par
\par
\cf9 V1.2 \cf0
\par
\par\tab End of line markers show up in the text viewer as an ugly vertical black bar. I have
\par\tab spent hours trying to trace the cause of this, even using MS example code and can't
\par\tab find it yet.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_COPYRIGHT}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_copyright}
K{\footnote copyright;freeware;commercial use;limitations;distribution;redistribution
;trademarks;warranty}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :20}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 Copyright/Legal Notice \cf0 

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 
ADF Opus - An Amiga emulator disk image manager for Windows.
\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2002 Dan Sutherland and Gary Harris
\par\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
 terms of the {\uldb GNU General Public License }{\v IDH_LICENCE}
 as published by the {\uldb \cf2 Free Software Foundation}{\v %!ExecFile(http://www.fsf.org)},
 either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
\par
\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful but WITHOUT ANY
 WARRANTY, without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
 PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the {\uldb \cf2 GNU General Public License \cf0}
{\v IDH_LICENCE} for more details.
\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the
 {\uldb \cf2 GNU General Public License \cf0}{\v IDH_LICENCE} along with this
 program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite
 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA.
\par
\par
ADF Opus uses ADFlib which is Copyright 1997-2002 by Laurent Clevy and also released under the
 GPL (not the GLPL). You can use ADFlib to write your own software which access ADFs and Amiga
 devices - see the ADFlib documentation for more details. 
\par
\par
ADF Opus also contains portions of xDMS written by Andre R. de la Rocha, and placed in the
 Public Domain. xDMS is available on Aminet.
\par
\par
ADF Opus uses ZLib 1.1.4 for its GZip compression support. ZLib is copyright (C) 1995-2002
 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler.
\par
\par
Any trademarks mentioned are the property of their owners.
\par
\par
If you include ADF Opus on a CD-ROM collection or coverdisk, etc. it'd be nice if you told me
 about it, or even let me have a copy.
\page



#{\footnote IDH_FEEDBACK}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_feedback}
K{\footnote comments;suggestions;reports, bug;bug reports;address, email;email;feedback}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :21}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 Feedback \cf0 

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 I heartily welcome any comments, suggestions, bug reports 
and other feedback you may have. My e-mail address is
 {\uldb \cf2 gharris@zip.com.au \cf0}{\v %!ExecFile(mailto:gharris@zip.com.au)}
 If you include the words "ADF Opus" in the subject line it'd help me, since I can filter your
 message from spam and frivolous personal e-mail.
\par
\par
If reporting a bug, please include as many details as you can, e.g. steps required to repeat
 it, your machine type, RAM, OS, ADF Opus version no., etc. Thanks.
\par
\par
\page


@{\footnote 

These are the context string references from adfopus.bmp hotspots. 
Menu items call their own popup bitmaps which, in turn, have popup descriptions.

}

#{\footnote IDH_ADF_TITLE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The name of and system path to the ADF in the active window.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_FILE_MENU}
\{bml MenuFile.bmp\}
\page


#{\footnote IDH_EDIT_MENU}
\{bml MenuEdit.bmp\}
\page


#{\footnote IDH_VIEW_MENU}
\{bml MenuView.bmp\}
\page


#{\footnote IDH_ACTION_MENU}
\{bml MenuAction.bmp\}
\page


#{\footnote IDH_TOOLS_MENU}
\{bml MenuTools.bmp\}
\page


#{\footnote IDH_WINDOW_MENU}
\{bml MenuWindow.bmp\}
\page


#{\footnote IDH_HELP_MENU}
\{bml MenuHelp.bmp\}
\page


#{\footnote IDH_CONTEXT_MENU}
\{bml MenuContext.bmp\}
\page


#{\footnote IDH_NEW_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 
Open the {\uldb Create New Volume}{\v IDH_CREATE_DIALOGUE} dialogue.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_OPEN_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open an existing ADF, ADZ or DMS.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_CLOSE_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Close the active directory window.
\page



#{\footnote IDH_RENAME_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Rename a file or directory in the disk image or Windows drive.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_DELETE_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Delete a file or directory in the disk image or Windows drive.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_NEW_DIR_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Create a new directory in the disk image or Windows drive.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_UP_ONE_LEVEL}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Click here to go up one directory level in your system or disk image
 at a time. To get a list of the drives on your system, click here when in the system root
 directory.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_INFO_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open the {\uldb Volume Information}{\v IDH_INFORMATION_DIALOGUE_DEV}
 dialogue window.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open the {\uldb Properties}{\v IDH_PROPERTIES} dialogue.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_SHOW_UNDELETABLE_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Show undeletable files on an Amiga volume. Use \cf9 Action|Undelete \cf0
 or the \cf9 Undelete \cf0 \{bmc ButtonUndelete.bmp \} button to recover the files.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_UNDELETE_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Undelete selected files. Use \cf9 View|Undeletable Files \cf0 or the
 \cf9 Show Undeletable Files \cf0 \{bmc ButtonShowUndel.bmp \} button first to display recoverable files.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_TEXTVIEWER_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open the {\uldb Text Viewer}{\v IDH_TEXTVIEWER} dialogue window.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_SYSTEM_CONTENTS_WINDOW}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The name of the system directory you are currently viewing in
 this directory listing window.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_ADF_CONTENTS_WINDOW}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The name of the disk image directory you are currently viewing in
 this directory listing window.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_SYSTEM_DIR_WINDOW}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The current system directory listing. 
 {\ul Right click}{\v IDH_CONTEXT_MENU} for menu shortcuts to the \cf9 Up One Directory
 Level \cf0 and \cf9 Edit \cf0 menu commands.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_ADF_DIR_WINDOW}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The current disk image directory listing.
 {\ul Right click}{\v IDH_CONTEXT_MENU} for menu shortcuts to the \cf9 Up One Directory
 Level \cf0 and \cf9 Edit \cf0 menu commands.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_STATUS_BAR}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The status bar is not yet functional. Disabling it from the 
view menu will give you more space for the directory listings.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_FILENAME}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The names of all directories and files contained in the directory
 being viewed.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_FILESIZE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The size of each listed directory or file.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_FILEFLAGS_PC}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The Windows attributes that are set for each directory or file. If
 blank, no attributes are set.
\par
\par \cf6 R \cf9 Read Only 
\line \cf6 H \cf9 Hidden
\line \cf6 A \cf9 Archive
\line \cf6 S \cf9 System \cf0
\par
\par
For details see windows Help.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_FILEFLAGS_AMIGA}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The Amiga file flags that are set for each directory or file. If
 blank, no flags are set.
\par
\par \cf6 H \cf9 Hold \cf0 -  If H, P, R, and E are set, the file can be made resident on first
 load (OS 2.x and 3.0).
\par
\par \cf6 S \cf9 Script \cf0 - If set, the file is a script (a text file of AmigaDOS 
 commands) and can be run without using the EXECUTE command.
\par
\par \cf6 P \cf9 Pure \cf0 - If set for a command, it can be made resident in memory.
 This allows the command to be run without being reloaded from disk each time, reducing time
 and memory use. To be made resident, a command should be both re-entrant and re-executable. A
 re-entrant command can properly support independent use by two or more programs at the same
 time. Just setting the Pure bit does not make a command or program pure. See the AmigaDOS
 reference for more information. This bit is best left unchanged.
\par
\par \cf6 A \cf9 Archived \cf0 - This attribute is set by some backup programs to indicate that a
 file or directory has been archived (backed up). It is cleared whenever the file is saved.
\par
\par \cf6 R \cf9 Readable \cf0 - If set, information in the file can be read. If this
 attribute is clear, a tool will not run and a project cannot be loaded by its Default Tool.
\par
\par \cf6 W \cf9 Writable \cf0 - If set, information can be written into the file. Unless
 Writable is set, you cannot make changes to the file.
\par
\par \cf6 E \cf9 Executable \cf0 - If set, the file is a tool that can be run from Workbench
 or the Shell. If this attribute is clear, the tool cannot be run from the Shell.
\par
\par \cf6 D \cf9 Deletable \cf0 - If set, the drawer, project or tool can be erased from the
 disk. If clear, the object is protected from deletion.
\par
\par Set these attributes from the Workbench Icon Information tool, the Shell command PROTECT
 or ADF Opus' Properties dialogue. 
\page

#{\footnote IDH_FILE_COMMENT}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The Amiga file comment, if one exists. A short informative text message.
\page


@{\footnote

These are the hotspot references for the menu sub-popups.

}


#{\footnote IDH_FILE_NEW}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Create a {\uldb new}{\v IDH_CREATE_DIALOGUE} ADF disk image.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_FILE_OPEN}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open an existing disk image, hardfile or disk dump.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_FILE_OPEN_DEVICE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 On Windows NT4 or 2000, open an Amiga hard drive.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_FILE_CLOSE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Close the currently selected disk image and its child window.
 Closing an ADZ will also recompress it.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_FILE_INFORMATION}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open the {\uldb Information Dialogue}{\v IDH_INFORMATION_DIALOGUE_DEV}
 for the selected disk image.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_FILE_EXIT}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Exit ADF Opus.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_FILE_PROPERTIES}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open the Properties Dialogue.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_EDIT_SELECT_ALL}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Select all items in the active window.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_EDIT_SELECT_NONE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Deselect all selected items in the active window.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_EDIT_INVERT_SELECTION}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Invert the current selection in the active window. That is, 
deselect all selected items and select any unselected items.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_VIEW_REFRESH}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Refresh the current window.
\page

@{\footnote IDH_VIEW_UNDELETABLE
This item is aliased to IDH_SHOW_UNDELETABLE_BUTTON
}

#{\footnote IDH_VIEW_WINLIST}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open a new Windows file lister.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_VIEW_TOOLBAR}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this item to enable the toolbar. Unchecking it hides the 
toolbar from view.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_VIEW_STATUS_BAR}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this item to enable the status bar. Unchecking it hides the 
status bar from view.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_ACTION_UP_ONE_LEVEL}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Go up one directory level in the active disk image or Windows drive.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_ACTION_NEW_DIRECTORY}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Create a new directory in the active disk image or Windows drive.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_ACTION_DELETE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Delete a file or directory in the active disk image or Windows drive.
\page

@{\footnote IDH_ACTION_UNDELETE
This item is aliased to IDH_UNDELETE_BUTTON
}

#{\footnote IDH_ACTION_RENAME}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Rename a file or directory in the active disk image or Windows drive.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_ACTION_PROPERTIES}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open the {\uldb Properties Dialogue}{\v IDH_PROPERTIES} to set file flags.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_TOOLS_TEXTVIEWER}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open the {\uldb Text Viewer}{\v IDH_TEXTVIEWER}.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_TOOLS_BATCH_CONVERTER}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open the {\uldb Batch Converter}{\v IDH_BATCH_CONVERTER}.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_TOOLS_DISK2FDI}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open the {\uldb Disk2FDI Dialogue}{\v IDH_DISK2FDI} to run Disk2FDI to create
 disk images from original floppy disks.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_TOOLS_INSTALL}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Install an Amiga floppy disk boot block to make a disk image bootable. See the
 caution in {\uldb Using The Program}{\v IDH_USING_THE_PROGRAM} before installing.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_TOOLS_BOOTBLOCK}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open the {\uldb Display Bootblock Dialogue}{\v IDH_BOOTBLOCK} to display the current
 ADF's bootblock.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_TOOLS_OPTIONS}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open the {\uldb Options Dialogue}{\v IDH_OPTIONS} to set programme preferences.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_VOLUME_NEW}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 
Open the {\uldb Create New Volume}{\v IDH_CREATE_DIALOGUE} dialogue.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_VOLUME_OPEN}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open an existing disk image.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_VOLUME_CLOSE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Close the active directory window.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_VOLUME_INFORMATION}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open the {\uldb Volume Information}{\v IDH_INFORMATION_DIALOGUE_DEV}
 dialogue window.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_WINDOW_CASCADE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Cascade the open windows.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_WINDOW_TILE_HORIZONTALLY}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Tile the open windows horizontally.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_WINDOW_TILE_VERTICALLY}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Tile the open windows vertically.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_WINDOW_ARRANGE_ICONS}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Arrange minimized window icons at the bottom of the main window.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_WINDOW_CLOSE_ALL}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Close all open windows.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_WINDOW_LIST}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 A list of all the open windows. Check the name of the window 
you want to view to bring it to the front and make it the active window.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_HELP_TOPICS}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Display the list of contents of the ADF Opus help file.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_HELP_OVERVIEW}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Display the Main Window section of the ADF Opus help file.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_HELP_ABOUT}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open the About dialogue. I'll let you try this one. : -)
\page



@{\footnote

List of hotspot targets from the Volume Information bitmap.

}



@{\footnote IDH_INFO_CLOSE
This button is mapped to the IDH_INFO_CLOSE_BUTTON entry.
}


#{\footnote IDH_INFO_DEV_PATH}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The path to the disk image.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_INFO_DEV_SIZE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The size of the final disk image. For an ADZ or DMS this is the
 compressed size of the file. The original size of the image is found on the 
{\uldb Volume }{\v IDH_INFORMATION_DIALOGUE_VOL} tab.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_INFO_DEV_TYPE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The type of file and its disk density. An ADZ is listed as
 "Compressed" and a DMS as "Diskmashed".
\page

#{\footnote IDH_INFO_DEV_GEOMETRY}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The number of cylinders per disk, read/write heads and sectors per
 cylinder for this disk.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_INFO_DEV_VOLUMES}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 A list of the volumes appearing on this device. For each volume,
 its ID, name and start and end block numbers are given.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_INFO_VOL_LABEL}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The disk label of the disk image. You can change the label by
 deleting the text in the edit window and entering the new name. Clicking \cf9 Close \cf0
 will accept the change.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_INFO_VOL_FFS}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Indicates whether the ADF was formatted using the Fast File 
System (FFS) or the Old File System (OFS).
\page

#{\footnote IDH_INFO_VOL_INTL}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Indicates whether the ADF was formatted using International Mode.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_INFO_VOL_DC}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Indicates whether the ADF was formatted with directory cache 
turned on or off.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_INFO_VOL_TOTAL}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The total capacity of the uncompressed disk image, in kilobytes.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_INFO_VOL_USED}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The amount of uncompressed disk space used, in kilobytes.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_INFO_VOL_FREE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The available, unused, uncompressed disk image disk space, in
 kilobytes.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_INFO_VOL_FULL}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The percentage of the uncompressed disk image's disk space used.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_INFO_CLOSE_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Closes the Volume Information dialogue, accepting any change to 
the disk label.
\page

@{\footnote 

The IDH_INFO_HELP_BUTTON is mapped to the IDH_CREATE_HELP_BUTTON

}


@{\footnote

These are the hotspot target popups for the Create New Volume dialogue bitmap.

}


@{\footnote IDH_CREATE_CLOSE
This button is mapped to the IDH_CREATE_CANCEL_BUTTON entry.
}


#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_PATH_EDIT}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Enter the path and name for the new file here or use the browse 
button.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_PATH_BROWSE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Select the path and name for the new file or enter it directly 
into the edit control to the left.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_TYPE_ADF}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The new volume will be created as an ADF when this radio button is 
selected.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_TYPE_HD}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 If this box is checked, the new volume will be a high density 
ADF simulating a high density floppy disk with 1.76MB capacity. If the box is unchecked, the 
ADF will have the standard 880KB capacity.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_TYPE_HARDFILE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The new volume will be created as a hardfile when this radio 
button is selected.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_TYPE_HARDFILE_PRESET}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Selecting this radio button allows you to select the size of 
the hardfile from the list of presets.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_TYPE_HARDFILE_PRESET_SIZES}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Select the size of the hardfile from 1 to 512 MB.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_TYPE_HARDFILE_CUSTOM}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Selecting this radio button allows you to enter a custom size 
for the hardfile in the edit control.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_TYPE_HARDFILE_CUSTOM_SIZE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Enter the desired custom hardfile size here.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_FILESYSTEM_FFS}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to use FFS in the new volume. If the box is 
not checked, OFS will be used.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_FILESYSTEM_DC}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to create the new volume with Directory Cache Mode.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_FILESYSTEM_IFS}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to create the new volume with International Mode.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_FILESYSTEM_BOOT}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to make the new volume bootable.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_LABEL}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Enter the disk label for the new file.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_OPEN}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to open the new file after creation.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_CREATE_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Create the file with the selected settings.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_HELP_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open the help topic for this dialogue.
\page


#{\footnote IDH_CREATE_CANCEL_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Cancel file creation and close the dialogue.
\page



@{\footnote

These are the hotspot target popups for the Batch Converter dialogue bitmap.

}

#{\footnote IDH_BATCH_SOURCE_LIST}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The list of disk images to be converted.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_BATCH_ADD_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Click this button to open the "Open Files" dialogue. Select files
 here to add to the list to be converted.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_BATCH_REMOVE_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Remove a disk image from the list. This button is only available
 when a disk image is selected in the list.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_BATCH_REMOVE_ALL_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Remove all disk images from the list.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_BATCH_DELETE_ORIGINAL}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this check box if you want the original files to be deleted after
 compression or extraction. 
\page

#{\footnote IDH_BATCH_ADF_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Select this button if you want disk images to be converted to
 uncompressed ADF format. This button is disabled if an ADF is selected into the conversion
  list. To reset it, close the Batch Converter.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_BATCH_ADZ_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Select this button if you want disk images to be converted to
 compressed ADZ format. This button is disabled if an ADZ is selected into the conversion list.
 To reset it, close the Batch Converter.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_BATCH_STATUS}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 A report is printed to this window for each image that is listed for
 conversion, telling you whether the conversion is successful.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_BATCH_START_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Select this button to convert all disk images in the list.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_BATCH_HELP_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Open the help topic for this dialogue.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_BATCH_CLOSE_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Close the Batch Converter.
\page


@{\footnote

These are the hotspot target popups for the Options dialogue bitmap.

}

#{\footnote IDH_OPTIONS_WINLIST_DRIVE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Select this option if you want the Windows lister to open with a list
 of all your drives.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_OPTIONS_WINLIST_DIR}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Select this option if you want the Windows lister to open in a
 particular directory. 
\page

#{\footnote IDH_OPTIONS_DIR}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Enter the desired directory path that the Windows lister should
 open in the edit box.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_OPTIONS_LABEL}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Enter the default label that will appear in the \cf9 Label \cf0
 field of the \cf9 Create New Volume \cf0 dialogue when creating disk images.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_OPTIONS_CONFIRM_COMDEL}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this checkbox if you want ADF Opus to open a requester asking
 for confirmation before deleting files.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_OPTIONS_CONFIRM_DELDIR}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this checkbox if you want ADF Opus to open a requester asking
 for confirmation before deleting directories.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_OPTIONS_MISC_DIRCACHE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this checkbox if you want ADF Opus to use directory cache
 blocks.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_OPTIONS_REGISTER_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Register Amiga file types with Windows Explorer. Disk files will
 have their own icons and double-clicking a file will open it in ADF Opus.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_OPTIONS_OK_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Close and save options.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_OPTIONS_APPLY_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Save options without closing the dialogue.
\page

@{\footnote IDH_OPTIONS_HELP_BUTTON
This button is mapped to the IDH_CREATE_HELP_BUTTON entry.
}

#{\footnote IDH_OPTIONS_CANCEL_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Close dialogue without saving changes.
\page



@{\footnote

These are the hotspot target popups for the Select Volume dialogue bitmap.

}

#{\footnote IDH_VOLSEL_LIST}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 A list of all the volumes present on the current device.Select the
 volume you want ADF Opus to open from this list.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_VOLSEL_OPEN_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Press this button to open the selected volume.
\page

@{\footnote IDH_VOLSEL_HELP_BUTTON
This button is mapped to the IDH_CREATE_HELP_BUTTON entry.
}

#{\footnote IDH_VOLSEL_CANCEL_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Press this button to cancel the operation without opening a volume.
\page


@{\footnote

These are the hotspot target popups for the Windows Properties dialogue bitmap.

}

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_FILENAME_WIN}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The name of the currently selected Windows file or
 directory.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_WIN_READONLY}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to set the Read Only flag for this file.
 This prevents the file from being written to, changed or deleted.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_WIN_ARCHIVE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to set the Archive flag for this file.
 This is used by some programs to determine whether the file should be archived.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_WIN_HIDDEN}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to set the Hidden flag for this file.
 Files with this flag set will be hidden from view unless you select "Show all files"
 in Folder Properties.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_WIN_SYSTEM}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to set the System flag for this file.
 Files with this flag set are required by the system for its operation. You should
 usually let Windows handle this.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_WIN_OK_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Close and save selected file properties.
\page

@{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_WIN_HELP_BUTTON
This button is mapped to the IDH_CREATE_HELP_BUTTON entry.
}

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_WIN_CANCEL_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Close dialogue without saving changes.
\page


@{\footnote

These are the hotspot target popups for the Amiga Properties dialogue bitmap.

}

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_FILENAME_AMI}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The name of the currently selected Amiga file or
 directory.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_AMI_READABLE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to set the Readable flag for this file.
 If set, information in the file can be read. If this attribute is clear, a tool will
 not run and a project cannot be loaded by its Default Tool.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_AMI_WRITABLE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to set the Writable flag for this file.
 If set, information can be written into the file. Unless Writable is set, you cannot
 make changes to the file.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_AMI_EXECUTABLE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to set the Executable flag for this file.
 If set, the file is a tool that can be run from Workbench or the Shell. If this attribute
 is clear, the tool cannot be run from the Shell.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_AMI_DELETABLE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to set the Deletable flag for this file.
 If set, the drawer, project or tool can be erased from the disk. If clear, the object
 is protected from deletion.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_AMI_SCRIPT}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to set the Script flag for this file.
 If set, the file is a script (a text file of AmigaDOS commands) and can be run without
 using the EXECUTE command.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_AMI_ARCHIVE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to set the Archive flag for this file.
 This attribute is set by some backup programs to indicate that a file or directory
 has been archived (backed up). It is cleared whenever the file is saved.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_AMI_PURE}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to set the Pure flag for this file.
 If set for a command, it can be made resident in memory.
 This allows the command to be run without being reloaded from disk each time, reducing time
 and memory use. To be made resident, a command should be both re-entrant and re-executable. A
 re-entrant command can properly support independent use by two or more programs at the same
 time. Just setting the Pure bit does not make a command or program pure. See the AmigaDOS
 reference for more information. This bit is best left unchanged.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_AMI_HOLDBIT}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box to set the Hold flag for this file.
 If H, P, R, and E are set, the file can be made resident on first load (OS 2.x and 3.0).
\page

#{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_AMI_COMMENT}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 A file comment of up to 79 characters length.
\page

@{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_AMI_OK_BUTTON
This button is mapped to the IDH_PROPERTIES_WIN_OK_BUTTON entry.
}

@{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_AMI_HELP_BUTTON
This button is mapped to the IDH_CREATE_HELP_BUTTON entry.
}

@{\footnote IDH_PROPERTIES_AMI_CANCEL_BUTTON
This button is mapped to the IDH_PROPERTIES_WIN_CANCEL_BUTTON entry.
}


@{\footnote

These are the hotspot target popups for the Disk2FDI dialogue bitmap.

}

#{\footnote IDH_DISK2FDI_FILENAME}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Enter the name for the output disk image file. You do not need to add .adf etc,
 Disk2FDI will add it for you. Enter the full path to the desired location if you don't want the image
 created in ADF Opus' directory.
\par 
\par Examples:
\line Entering "myimage" with ADF selected will result in a disk image named myimage.adf being created in
 the same directory as Disk2FDI.
\line Entering "C:\\Images\\myimage" with ADF selected will create a disk image named myimage.adf in C:\\Images.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_DISK2FDI_CHECK_OPEN}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Select this checkbox if you are creating an ADF and you want it to be opened after
 creation. This option is deactivated when FDI, ST or IMG types are selected since ADF Opus can't open these
 images.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_DISK2FDI_TYPE_FDI}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Select this radio button to create an FDI image.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_DISK2FDI_TYPE_ADF}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Select this radio button to create an ADF (Amiga) image.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_DISK2FDI_TYPE_ST}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Select this radio button to create an ST (Atari ST) image.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_DISK2FDI_TYPE_IMG}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Select this radio button to create an IMG (PC) image.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_DISK2FDI_USE_B}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box if you want to use your B: drive as the image source i.e. the disk
 you are copying is in the B: drive. Leave it unchecked to use A:.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_DISK2FDI_1SIDED}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box if you are copying a single-sided disk or one side of a double-sided
 disk.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_DISK2FDI_2SIDED}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box if you are copying a double-sided disk (default).
\page

#{\footnote IDH_DISK2FDI_NUM_TRACKS}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box if you want to specify a number of tracks to copy. Set the number
 of tracks, between 1 and 87, with the spin control. This number is fixed to 80 for ADFs and is otherwise
 limited by the highest track physically reachable by the drive. Unless you have a good reason to use this feature
 and know what you are doing, leave it disabled.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_DISK2FDI_NUM_SECTORS}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Check this box if you want to specify a number of sectors per track. Set the number
 of sectors, between 1 and 64, with the spin control. This option is available for ST and IMG files only and
 is auto-detected by default. Unless you have a good reason to use this feature and know what you are doing,
 leave it disabled.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_DISK2FDI_START_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Run Disk2FDI with the selected options. Disk2FDI will run in a shell as a seperate
 process. If you close the Disk2FDI dialogue you can continue working with ADF Opus while it runs.
\page

@{\footnote IDH_DISK2FDI_HELP_BUTTON
This button is mapped to the IDH_CREATE_HELP_BUTTON entry.
}

#{\footnote IDH_DISK2FDI_CANCEL_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Close the dialogue without running Disk2FDI.
\page


@{\footnote

These are the hotspot target popups for the Display Bootblock dialogue bitmap.

}

#{\footnote IDH_BOOTBLOCK_DISPLAY}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 The installed bootblock, displayed in ASCII code.
\page

@{\footnote IDH_BOOTBLOCK_HELP_BUTTON
This button is mapped to the IDH_CREATE_HELP_BUTTON entry.
}

#{\footnote IDH_BOOTBLOCK_OK_BUTTON}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Close the dialogue.
\page


@{\footnote

These are the hotspot target popups for the Text Viewer dialogue bitmap.

}

#{\footnote IDH_TEXTVIEWER_EDIT}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Any ASCII text contained within the selected file is displayed here.
 Selecting files that contain no text will result in a blank display.
\page


@{\footnote IDH_TEXTVIEWER_BUTTON_HELP
This button is mapped to the IDH_CREATE_HELP_BUTTON entry.
}


#{\footnote IDH_TEXTVIEWER_BUTTON_OK}
\pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 Close the viewer.
\page



@{\footnote

History.
--------
Version 1.8 /02/03
- Added text viewer topics.
- 


Version 1.7 7/10/02 - 20/02/03
- Recovered this file after some miserable Windows travesty trashed my formatting beyong redemption.
- Updated web and addresses.
- Removed the "Clone Current Window" as feature removed.
- Massive overhaul for version 1. See history.


Version 1.6 3/12/01


Version 1.5 3/12/01
- Changed reference to maximum hardfile size to 512 MB.
- Added new page for Properties dialogue plus popups.
- Updated web page URL.
- Corrected missing "Usage" heading in several dialogue pages.
- Changed Select Volume dialogue bitmap to actual view rather than
  version extracted from VC++.


Version 1.4 5/8/00 - 29/8/00

- Updated bitmaps to ADF Opus V0.7.3.
- Added details for new Options button "Register Amiga disk file types..."
- Added new section "Opus, File Types and the Shell".
- Did away with licence.htm and added the GPL to help as a seperate file.
- Added history.htm and readme.htm to help.
- Corrected a range of typos and formatting errors.
- Finished converting the GPL to RTF.
- Adjusted history and bugs/limitations for V0.7.3.


Version 1.3 26/2/00

- Updated bitmaps to ADF Opus V0.7.1.
- Added new tabs for Information Dialogue and changed text accordingly.
- Changed many references to "ADF" to "disk image".
- Removed reference to directory copying limitation.
- Changed copyright, email address and web page.
- Changed Setting Up to Installation and added .inf file details.
- Added new menu items and bmps.
- Added Batch Converter page.
- Fixed web page execution finally. Used ExecFile() instead of ShellExecute().
- Changed Contents' topic layout.
- Added browse sequence numbers.	
- Added Options Dialogue.
- Added Right Click Menu.
- Changed copyright conditions to GPL.
- Separated and expanded Introduction.
- Changed Overview to The Main Window.
- Added Amiga File System notes.
- Added popup links for file window list headings in main window.
- Further update to V0.7.2.
- Changed help version button window's text.
- Removed Vol Info Dlg's close gadget popup which wasn't used.
- Now fully context sensitive in Opus and dialogue Help buttons operate.


Version 1.2 24/9/98

- Updated bitmaps to ADF Opus V0.2.
- Added Delete button and menu item.
- Added scope for Properties button and menu item.
- Removed Underworld quote at Dan's request.
- Removed reference to not using hardfiles in bugs/limitations.
- Included warranty reference in copyright notice.
- Removed version history at Dan's request. To be maintained separately.
- Changed introduction to Dan's new version.
- Added/changed titles to IDH_xxx to allow help access from ADF Opus.
- Removed quotes from "silly" characters in bugs/limitations.
- Added help file copyright details to copyright page.
- Moved the Create New and Volume Information dialogues to topics instead of popups.
- Added Deleting files and directories section to Using the program
- Added Creating a new blank hardfile section to Using the programme.
- Added HD, FFS and International Mode references to using the programme.
- Added help feedback details to Feedback.
- Changed page title colour to mid-green.
- Minor textual changes to correct errors etc.
- Added browse sequence and buttons.
- Changed compilation options to include an index button in the help file.
- Added a version button to the Adf Opus help window.
- Wrote AdfOpusHlp.h and included it in compilation to assign ID's to help items.
 

Version 1.1 10/9/98

- Added V1.0 to History
- Added toolbar button bmp's to Using the program
- Updated main and File menu bmps for V1.0.
- Fixed an error or two in the text.
- Added sections to Using the program for New ADF creation and the new rename and
  directory functions.


Version 1.0 8/9/98

- First draft.

}

}
