{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024

{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}
{\f1\froman Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss Arial;}
{\f3\froman MS Serif;}
{\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}
}

@{\footnote

Colour table: 	1=black
				2=blue
				3=light blue
				4=bright green
				5=violet
				6=red
				7=yellow
				8=white
				9=dark blue
		       	10=mid green
		       	11=dark green
	    	   	12=purple
		       	13=brown
		       	14=olive green
	    	   	15=dark grey
	       		16=light grey
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue127;
\red0\green127\blue127;
\red0\green127\blue0;
\red127\green0\blue127;
\red127\green0\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue127;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}



#{\footnote IDH_HISTORY}
${\footnote Adf_Opus_history}
K{\footnote history}
>{\footnote Opus_win}
+{\footnote :16}

\pard\plain \li120\sb340\sa120\sl-320 \f3\fs28 \cf10 History \cf0 

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 
\cf6 Version 1.2 released 26 February 2003 \cf0
\par
\par Added a text viewer for viewing of simple text files. The viewer allows viewing of files that are
 not associated with an application under Windows, such as startup-sequences. The viewer is available
 through the toolbar and the main and context menus.
\par\par Fixed a bug that resulted in the boot block not being found during installation when creating an ADF
 in any directory other than Opus' root directory , caused by a silly assumption about the path to the bootblock.
\par\par Prevented the bootblock warning from being displayed when creating a new, bootable adf.
\par\par Updated help yet again for the new features and GUI elements and corrected some outdated elements.
\par\par Fixed two bugs reported by Eric Trinh. One that caused divide by zero errors when trying to copy zero byte
 files and another that reportedly causes only the first volume on a device to be displayed when opening. I would
 like feedback on the second one as I can't test it myself. Looking back over past bug reports, it seems that
 this might be the cause of problems with opening volumes reported by several other users. Well done, Eric!
\par
\par


\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 
\cf6 Version 1.1 released 20 February 2003 \cf0
\par
\par Made listboxes full-width selection.
\par\par Widened the file name field since Windows listers don't have comments any more.
\par\par Fixed Delete, Rename and Make New Directory buttons and menu items so that they are now disabled
 when in drive view.
\par\par Changed the Delete toolbar button's bitmap to red, which is more conventional and indicative.
\par\par Made a change to ADFLib to return an error if undeletion unsuccessful.
\par\par Added ADFLib's undelete function to Opus. Added menu and toolbar items to show undeletable
 files and to undelete them.
\par\par Added menu icons.
\par\par Created Doxygen documentation of source code.
\par\par Found and fixed a bug that caused the wrong icons to be shown for drives when in drive view. A
 redundant resource ID had been left in the code.
\par
\par


\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 
\cf6 Version 1.0 released  18 October 2002 \cf0
\par
\par Changed the name of the temp dir to avoid possible conflicts.
\par\par Prevented change of case of suffix name when an ADF is opened.
\par\par Fixed a nasty bug that caused a working ADF to be deleted on exit.
\par\par Increased speed if a file can't be opened by bypassing unnecessary code.
\par\par Fixed a bug that caused a crash when Properties was selected from the context menu
 before the user had clicked in the window. The Properties item is now not available
 until the window has been clicked at least once.
\par\par Properties menu items and toolbar button should now behave properly across the board,
 including not being available when showing the drive list.	
\par\par Removed the "Clone Current Window" item.
\par\par Finally fixed things so that when files are opened from the command line at startup or through
 Windows' file association, the Windows lister is behind the ADF windows and the most recent ADF's lister
 is on top and active.
\par\par Changed web site address references to new SourceForge address.
\par\par Changed Disk2FDI dialogue's Apply button to Start.
\par\par The Disk2FDI menu item is now unavailable under WinNT, 2K and XP since Disk2FDI itself doesn't work
 on these platforms.
\par\par Unable to open ADF after creation with Disk2FDI - ShellExecute limitation.
\par\par Increased available memory for list of files to add to Batch Converter by a factor of 5.
\par\par Bootblock display now works.
\par\par Recovered the main help file after some miserable MS travesty trashed my formatting beyond redemption.
\par\par Updated to version 0.7.9c of ADFLib.
\par\par Updated to version 1.1.4 of ZLib.
\par\par Updated UAE web links.
\par\par Automated zlib version posting in About and tampered with text alignment on some pages.
\par\par Improved compilation options and automation in VC++ workspace.
\par\par Massive help update including new pics, updated links and additional material.
\par\par Opus would crash if the bootblock display menu item was selected when in Windows listers. The item
 is now disabled when in Windows listers, as it should be.
\par\par Removed the Comment column from Windows listers as it has no function under Windows.
\par\par Rearranged the Tools menu.
\par\par Fixed a bug I was unaware of that stopped properties being written in both dialogues.
\par\par Implemented help in Disk2FDI and Bootblock display dialogues.
\par\par Fixed the long-standing problem with help in the Volume Information dialogue, as far as is possible.
 There are still small areas between the General and Geometry items that will return the help for the volume
 list at the bottom. Help seems to default to this if no control is detected. Clicking on the items themselves
 works as expected, now. For all intents and purposes, it's fixed.
\par\par Fixed a bug where clicking the Directory Cache option in the New File window opened help.
\par\par Overhauled the toolbar, including rearranging the buttons to match the menu and new buttons for all
 of the tools that didn't have them.
\par\par Added a warning dialogue before bootblock installation and improved the error message reported when
 the bootblock file is not found.
\par\par Disk2FDI now runs in a separate process. This means that you can continue working in Opus while Disk2FDI
 runs. It also allows synchronisation with Opus' process so that the new ADF can be opened after creation. A
 checkbox is provided on the Disk2FDI dialogue to select this. The checkbox is disabled when FDI, ST or IMG
 are selected as Opus can't open these image types.
\par\par Fixed a bug with the Disk2FDI command line. It didn't run in my development version. Don't know if this
 ever got out into the wild. It might be that Disk2FDI's command syntax changed between versions.
\par\par Added a divider line to Batch Converter output to improve readability.
\par\par Added an option to the Batch Converter to delete converted files on completion.
\par\par Updated the help yet again with updated bitmaps and info.
\par\par Created installers for release and source versions and compressed release executable with UPX for a 64%
 reduction in size.
\par\par Made further improvements to VC++ workspace to remove the need for multiple copies of libs.
\par\par Centred all dialogues and improved the tab order in many.
\par\par Found that the experimental version of ADFLib 0.7.9c that I had was incomplete. Updated this version
 to a full package based on 0.7.9b and submitted to Laurent. ADF Opus now uses this newer version. It appears
 that ADFs with more than 80 tracks are now supported. Feedback requested.
\par
\par


\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 
\cf6 Version 0.9 released 31 July 2002 \cf0
\par
\par This is an inter-interim :-) release prior to version 1.0.
\par\par Version 0.9 adds an interface to the Disk2FDI programme which allows ADF Opus to act as a front-end
 and provides Amiga disk copying and other functions from within the programme. As well as this, Opus can
 now run files directly from an open ADF, as long as the file can be opened under Windows by a suitable application.
\par
\par

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 
\cf6 Version 0.8 released 12 December 2001 \cf0
\par
\par This is an interim release prior to version 1.0.
\par\par Properties management functions completed.
\par\par Bootblock installation functions completed.
\par\par Fixed problem with file path in Information dialogue.
\par\par Added automatic ADFLib date and version recognition to About.
\par\par Fixed bug where filenames were being incorrectly displayed in info dlg and saved
 names were using false data.
\par\par Fixed Batch Converter bug which forced user to hit start between ops.
\par\par Improved Batch Converter start button activation.
\par\par Batch Converter now checks for overwrite.
\par\par Made property flag column wider to fit all flags.
\par\par Ability to read and change Amiga file comments.
\par\par Created new lister column for comments.
\par\par Modified adflib file comment handling to include \\0 after string. Submitted to Laurent.
\par\par Help updated.
\par
\par


\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 
\cf6 Version 0.7.4 released 2 September 2000 \cf0
\par
\par Automated updating of the version string on the first page of the "About" property sheet
 from the existing version string resource.

\par
\par

\par \pard\plain \li120 \f4\fs20 
\cf6 Version 0.7.3 released 2 September 2000 \cf0
\par
\par Implemented association of Amiga file types with Opus, within Explorer. ADF, ADZ,
 DMS, DMP and HDF files now have their own icons and double-clicking them will open
 them in ADF Opus. This includes an option to "Open with ADF Opus" when files of these
 types are right-clicked.
\par\par Amiga file types are now registered when ADF Opus is installed for the first time. 
\par\par Extended the Options dialogue to include a button to register Amiga file types manually.
\par\par Also implemented command line operation in conjunction with file association.
 Typing "ADFOpus file1.adf file2.adf" will open file1.adf and file2.adf in ADF Opus.
 Requested by Christian von Krogh. Hope you like it, Christian. 
\par\par Fixed a bug where the File|Information menu item was not being disabled when no
 windows were open. 
\par\par The temp directory is now deleted at shutdown. 
\par\par Found and fixed the ADFLib bug that killed hard file access, after much searching. :-)
\line I really didn't want to release another version without fixing this.
\par\par ADF Opus now uses the latest version 0.7.9 of ADFLib.
\par\par Fixed a bug that caused Opus to crash when the menu was selected whilst there were
 no child windows open. I'm not sure if this one made it into the wild.
\par\par Updated the help file.
\par\par Did away with the history, readme and license html files and incorporated the contents
 into the help file.
\par\par Discovered, after some correspondence with Laurent, that ADFLib 0.7.9a was actually the
 latest version and the version posted as the latest one, in fact, wasn't. This is why the
 hardfile bug re-appeared. :-( Reverted to this version.
\par
\par
\cf6 Version 0.7.2 released 4 March 2000 \cf0
\par
\par Re-enabled the File|Information menu item to activate the Volume Information dialogue. 
\par\par Changed the About copyright text to GPL suggested. 
\par\par Changed things so that the buttons on the About dialogue actually open the right web
 page and email address as well as display them. Cheers to Andy Voss for pointing out the
 blunder. ;-) 
\par\par When converting DMS to ADZ, the temporary ADF is now created in the temp directory,
 avoiding an existing ADF of the same name being deleted from the working directory
 inadvertently. 
\par\par Batch Converter output buttons are now properly reset when the dialogue is closed. 
 Using Remove All will also reset them. 
\par\par Added About tabs to fully credit xDMS and zlib. 
\par\par Added the help file to the installer. You'll have to remove the AdfOpus.GID, that's
 created by Windows, manually when you uninstall, for now. 
\par\par The help file returns, updated for version 0.7.2 and integrated as context sensitive
 help. The content has been heavily updated and expanded In dialogues, either click on the
 question mark [?] button and select a feature or right click on a feature for
 context-sensitive help. Use the Help buttons to open the help topics for the dialogues. You can
 also open the topic list or the Main Window help topic from the main menu. See
 Bugs\Limitations for more info on the current programme status. 
\par
\par
\par
\cf6 Version 0.7.1 released 25 February 2000 \cf0
\par
\par Some careless path management during the addition of compressed ADF handling caused
 the opening of uncompressed ADFs to break. Fixed. 
\par\par Added functionality that ensures that temporary ADFs, created when opening compressed
 ADFs, are not left in the temp directory on exit. These are now deleted by ADF Opus as part
 of programme shutdown. 
\par
\par
\par
\cf6 Version 0.7 released 21 February 2000 \cf0
\par
\par When creating a new ADF or hardfile, ADF Opus now takes notice of whether you
 specified FFS/INTL/DIRC (before it used to always create OFS volumes with no international
 mode and no directory cache). 
\par\par The Read Only check box in the Open dialogue now works. 
\par\par The Options dialogue is now fully functional and correct. Settings are saved between
 sessions in the registry. 
\par\par The batch converter can now convert between all formats with the exception that it
 can't compress to DMS i.e. ADF->ADZ, ADZ->ADF, DMS->ADF, DMS->ADZ. 
\par\par I'm looking into the status of the DMS standard and the possibility of adding DMS
 compression to ADF Opus. For now, use DMS within the emulator to compress ADFs, if desired. 
\par\par Documentation and About box updated with new mail and web addresses. 
\par\par You can now open ADZ and DMS files for viewing. ADZs can be manipulated normally and
 will be recompressed when closed. DMS' can be viewed but not manipulated since, at present,
 they can't be recompressed. Compressed disk images are extracted to ADFs, which are created
 in a temporary directory. The temporary directory defaults to <Adf Opus path>\temp, at
 present. A user-configurable temp directory might be an option for the future. Temporary
 files are deleted on exit or when the owner child window is closed. Modifications to ADZs are
 performed on the temporary ADF and that is then compressed. Make sure that you close the
 child window of an ADZ you have made changes to, before exiting ADF Opus, to ensure that it
 is recompressed before exit. 
\par\par Fixed a minor bug that caused the Up One Directory Level button to remain active
 until pressed again, when returning to the root directory of disk files. 
\par\par The Information dialogue now shows whether a disk image is compressed and what its
 compressed size is in the Device tab. The Volume tab still shows the details of the original
 disk image. 
\par
\par
\par
\cf6 Version 0.6.1 released 2 October 1999 \cf0
\par
\par Fixed bug where the program kept a lock on ADF files even after they had been closed.
\par\par Fixed serious bug which caused corruption of hardfiles (actually a bug in ADFlib).
\par\par Enabled recursive copying of directories (now you can install Workbench from ADFs
 onto a hardfile!) 
\par
\par
\par
\cf6 Version 0.6 released 21 September 1999 \cf0
\par
\par Added a copy progress window (not entirely complete yet). There is also a display of
 the current physical sector being accessed during the copy process. 
\par\par Fixed missing details for first entry in a list. 
\par\par Can recursively delete Windows directories. 
\par\par ADFlib section added to About box. 
\par\par Can recursively delete Amiga directories.
\par\par Removed Up One Level item in listers because it was causing too many complications
 and it is non-standard. You can use the equivalent button in the toolbar or the context-menu
 instead (sorry Laurent ;-).
\par\par View | Clone Current Window has been disabled because it doesn't work (yet).
\par\par Stopped it being possible to drop files onto a drive list window (doh!).
\par\par Started an Options dialogue (not 100% functional yet).
\par\par Due to complaints, directories are now sorted case insensitively (same as Windows
 Explorer).
\par\par Added a .inf file for easy install/removal.
\par\par Uses a nicer cursor when dragging files.
\par
\par
\par
\cf6 Version 0.5.0 released 29 May 1999 \cf0
\par
\par NOTE: Since this version is a complete rewrite, it's possible that bugs which were
 killed in previous versions have returned, so previous history entries are a bit meaningless.
\par\par ADF Opus is rewritten from scratch as a raw Win32 application, hence the smaller file
 size and better performance (older versions used Borland's OWL classes). 
\par\par New version numbering system - x.y.z rather than x.yy. Don't ask. 
\par\par I have scrapped my own ADF access routines in favour of Laurent Clevy's ADFLib, which
 is more robust and has more features (like write support to DCFS volumes and unlimited
 hardfile size). 
\par\par ADF Opus can open real Amiga hard disks if running under Windows NT4 or the beta of
 Windows 2000. 
\par\par User interface redesigned - now Windows file lists and ADF contents are displayed in
 separate windows rather than one split window. This makes the display less cluttered when
 working with a lot of ADFs. The menus have also been moved around and are hopefully more
 logical now (Laurent's idea). 
\par\par You can now open ADFs by dragging them from Windows Explorer onto the ADF Opus window.
\par\par It is now possible to open more than one view of a disk image (e.g. to copy a file
 from one dir to another in the same ADF). 
\par\par Gary's help file is temporarily MIA. It will surely return in the near future. 
\par\par The DMS converter has been generalised into a batch converter. At the moment it still
 only supports DMS->ADF but in the future will support things like DMS->ADZ, ADZ->ADF, and
 maybe even ADF->DMS. 
\par\par Right-clicking in a child window brings up a context-menu of useful commands.
\par\par Deleting (empty) directories works now. Thanks to Chris Neale for spotting that one.
\par\par You can now open DMS files and copy files out of them.
\par\par Volume information is now more comprehensive - includes info about device and
 volume(s).
\par\par Added an option to install (make bootable) an ADF. 
\par
\par
\par
\cf6 Version 0.30 released 9 December 1998 \cf0
\par
\par Added a DMS to ADF converter (Tools|Convert|DMS->ADF) using code based on xDMS by
 Andre R. de la Rocha. This also features a batch converter, which allows you to convert many
 ADFs in one operation. 
\par\par Optimised bitmap code - copying files from Windows to Amiga is now much faster,
 especially when copying into large or very full volumes. 
\par\par The program now multitasks properly when copying files, even on Windows 95/98. 
\par\par International Mode volumes now work correctly due to new hash function. 
\par\par It is now possible to open more than one file at once in the Open dialogue. 
\par
\par
\par
\cf6 Version 0.21 released 6 October 1998 \cf0
\par
\par Fixed yet another bug in my hash chain routines that caused errors when renaming or
 deleting in a volume with more than a few files. 
\par\par Changed the link in the about box to reflect the change of homepage. 
\par
\par
\par
\cf6 Version 0.20 released 1 October 1998 \cf0
\par
\par Integrated the help file properly. Context-sensitive help is available pretty much
 everywhere. 
\par\par Added read/write support for hardfiles. Just open them as you would a normal ADF
 file. The maximum size of a hardfile is somewhere around 50MB. This restriction will be
 lifted in the future. 
\par\par By default the Open dialogue now displays .hdf files as well as .adf. 
\par\par The New Volume dialogue now allows you to create hardfiles and high-density ADFs. 
\par\par Editing a volume label after performing a write operation sometimes caused corrupted
 directory entries. Fixed. 
\par\par Found and fixed another stupid bug: OFS volumes were not being written correctly and
 caused checksum errors in AmigaDOS. 
\par
\par
\par
\cf6 Version 0.11 released 14 September 1998 \cf0
\par
\par Added a help file written by Gary Harris. I haven't yet had chance to integrate it
 into the program - I'll do that in the next update. For now just double-click on the .hlp
 file to view it. 
\par\par You can now delete files (not directories yet, not even empty ones) by clicking the
 Delete button on the toolbar or choosing File|Delete. 
\par\par The Volume Information dialogue now behaves more logically: if you edit the volume
 label and then close the dialogue (without clicking OK) the change will not be committed to
 disk. 
\par\par Fixed a serious bug in my hash-chain management routines where copying more than a
 few files into a volume caused corrupted directory entries. 
\par\par Sizes of files are now displayed in KB rather than bytes (except if the file is less
 than 1KB, in which case the size in bytes is still displayed). 
\par\par The last 1KB of a volume was not been used. This should be fixed now. 
\par\par Implemented View|Refresh and View|Refresh All. 
\par
\par
\par
\cf6 Version 0.10 released 6 September 1998 \cf0
\par
\par You can now create new directories in your ADFs by clicking the New Directory button
 on the toolbar or selecting File|New Directory. 
\par\par You can rename files and dirs by clicking twice (not double-clicking) on their names,
 or using the Rename toolbar button or File|Rename. 
\par\par Fixed a crazy bug which caused the program to sometimes miss directory entries. 
\par\par Status bar is now turned off by default, because it doesn't actually do anything yet. 
\par
\par
\par
\cf6 Version 0.02 released 30 August 1998 \cf0
\par
\par Copying a file into an ADF sometimes caused other files to disappear. Fixed. Probably.
\par\par ADF contents are now sorted alphabetically. 
\par\par It is now possible to create new formatted ADFs (via Volume|New or the New button on
 the toolbar). 
\par\par You can relabel volumes by editing the label in the Volume Information dialogue.
 v0.01 forgot to calculate the bitmap checksum, so volumes written with it had to be validated
 by AmigaDOS before they could be used. Fixed. Now checks the bitmap checksum is valid before
 opening a volume. 
\par
\par
\par
\cf6 Version 0.01 released 20 August 1998 \cf0
\par
\par Initial beta release.
\par
\par
\page
}
